Update docs to indicate support for ECI on WSL-2 hosts. (#16684)
docker/docs: desktop/hardened-desktop/enhanced-container-isolation/index.md

> >Enhanced Container Isolation is currently incompatible with WSL and does not protect Kubernetes pods. For more information on known limitations and workarounds, see [FAQs and known issues](faq.md).

Author: Yep, will do.

{: .important}

### What host OSes / platforms is Enhanced Container Isolation supported on?

> Enhanced Container Isolation (ECI) is supported since Docker Desktop 4.13, in all platforms (Windows, Mac, and Linux).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enhanced Container Isolation (ECI) was introduced in Docker Desktop version 4.13, for all platforms (Windows, Mac, and Linux).
```

For Windows hosts, ECI works with both the Docker Desktop Hyper-V and WSL-2 backends, as follows:

> - Docker Desktop < 4.17: ECI only works with Hyper-V.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For Docker Desktop versions below 4.17, ECI only works with Hyper-V.
```

> - Docker Desktop >= 4.17: ECI Works with both Hyper-V and WSL-2; for WSL-2, the Linux Kernel must be >= 5.15.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For Docker Desktop versions 4.17 and later, ECI Works with both Hyper-V and WSL 2. For compatibility with WSL 2, the Linux Kernel must be 5.15 or later.
```

> See section [ECI Support for WSL](faq.md#ECI support for WSL) for further info as well as security caveats when using Enhanced Contianer Isolation on WSL-2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [ECI Support for WSL](faq.md#ECI support for WSL) for further info as well as security caveats when using Enhanced Contianer Isolation on WSL-2.
```
